Improve the io module documentation (#15099)
python/cpython: Doc/library/io.rst

and writing of bytes to a stream.  :class:`FileIO` subclasses :class:`RawIOBase`
to provide an interface to files in the machine's file system.

The :class:`BufferedIOBase` ABC extends :class:`IOBase`.  It deals with
buffering on a raw byte stream (:class:`RawIOBase`).  Its subclasses,
:class:`BufferedWriter`, :class:`BufferedReader`, and :class:`BufferedRWPair`

> buffer streams that are readable, writable, and both readable and writable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
buffer streams that are readable, writable, and both readable and writable, respectively.
```

Author: Alright.

> buffer streams that are readable, writable, and both readable and writable, respectively.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
buffer raw byte streams that are readable, writable, and both readable and writable, respectively.
```

Author: Alright.

:class:`BufferedRandom` provides a buffered interface to random access streams.
Another :class:`BufferedIOBase` subclass, :class:`BytesIO`, is a stream of
in-memory bytes.

> The :class:`TextIOBase` ABC extends :class:`IOBase`.  It deals with

Reviewer: I think the original wording here sounds better.
```suggestion
The :class:`TextIOBase` ABC, another subclass of :class:`IOBase`, deals with
```

Author: To me having three consistent sentences "class A extends class B" makes it easier to visualise the class hierarchy.

Reviewer: Makes sense!

streams whose bytes represent text, and handles encoding and decoding to and

> from strings.  :class:`TextIOWrapper`, which extends it, is a buffered text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from strings.  :class:`TextIOWrapper`, which extends :class:`TextIOBase`, is a buffered text
```

Author: Alright.

      with open('spam.txt', 'w') as file:
          file.write('Spam and eggs!')

>    :class:`IOBase` provides these data attribute and methods:

Reviewer: We should still use "attributes" because we have "these" in front of "data attributes and methods".
```suggestion
   :class:`IOBase` provides these data attributes and methods:
```

Author: Alright.

.. class:: RawIOBase

   Base class for raw binary streams.  It inherits :class:`IOBase`.  There is no
   public constructor.

   Raw binary streams typically provide low-level access to an underlying OS
   device or API, and do not try to encapsulate it in high-level primitives

>    (this is left to buffered binary streams and text streams, described later

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   (this functionality is done at a higher-level in buffered binary streams and text streams, described later
```

Author: Alright.

   :class:`RawIOBase` implementation, but wrap one, like
   :class:`BufferedWriter` and :class:`BufferedReader` do.

>    :class:`BufferedIOBase` provides or overrides these data attribute and

Reviewer: I
```suggestion
   :class:`BufferedIOBase` provides these attributes and
```

Author: Alright for the missing "s". But I think we should keep the word "data" before "attributes". Attributes can be either data attributes or function attributes with corresponding methods: https://docs.python.org/3.7/tutorial/classes.html#instance-objects

.. class:: FileIO(name, mode='r', closefd=True, opener=None)

>    A raw binary stream representing an OS-level file containing bytes data.  It

Reviewer 2: I think I prefer the original text for this change.

Author: The thing is that the phrasing was not consistent with the rest of the class descriptions.

   .. versionchanged:: 3.4
      The file is now non-inheritable.

>    :class:`FileIO` provides these data attributes in addition to those from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :class:`FileIO` provides these attributes in addition to those from
```

Author: I think we should keep the word "data" before "attributes". Attributes can be either data attributes or function attributes with corresponding methods: https://docs.python.org/3.7/tutorial/classes.html#instance-objects

Reviewer: Makes sense, thanks for linking to that.

.. class:: BufferedReader(raw, buffer_size=DEFAULT_BUFFER_SIZE)

>    A buffered binary stream over a readable, sequential :class:`RawIOBase`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   A buffered binary stream providing higher-level access to a readable, sequential :class:`RawIOBase`
```
It is helpful to third party library and project maintainers to know which are intended to be higher level vs. lower level.

Author: Alright.

.. class:: BufferedWriter(raw, buffer_size=DEFAULT_BUFFER_SIZE)

>    A buffered binary stream over a writeable, sequential :class:`RawIOBase`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   A buffered binary stream providing higher-level access to a writeable, sequential :class:`RawIOBase`
```

Author: Alright.

.. class:: BufferedRandom(raw, buffer_size=DEFAULT_BUFFER_SIZE)

>    A buffered binary stream over a seekable :class:`RawIOBase` raw binary stream.

Reviewer: Can you link to the `seekable()` method here?

Author: Well it feels awkward to use a method name as an adjective: "a :meth:`seekable()` :class:`RawIOBase` raw binary stream". (I haven't seen such examples in the documentation.)

Reviewer: Ok, that makes sense. Is it clear enough to the reader that the adjective "seekable" means that the class returns True when calling `seekable()`? If so, we're good -- if not, perhaps it would be good to add a sentence clarifying that fact.

Author: Actually "seekable" was already used in the next paragraph, so I think we are safe.

>    A buffered binary stream over a seekable :class:`RawIOBase` raw binary stream.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   A buffered binary stream to a seekable, random access :class:`RawIOBase` raw binary stream.
```

Author: Actually seekable = random access. And let's use your "providing higher-level access to" phrase here too.

.. class:: BufferedRWPair(reader, writer, buffer_size=DEFAULT_BUFFER_SIZE)

>    A buffered binary stream over two unidirectional :class:`RawIOBase` raw binary

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   A buffered binary stream with two unidirectional :class:`RawIOBase` raw binary
```

Author: Let's use your "providing higher-level access to" phrase here too.

.. class:: TextIOWrapper(buffer, encoding=None, errors=None, newline=None, \
                         line_buffering=False, write_through=False)

>    A buffered text stream over a :class:`BufferedIOBase` buffered binary stream.

Reviewer: We may not need "buffered" here since we already have `BufferedIOBase`.
```suggestion
   A buffered text stream over a :class:`BufferedIOBase` binary stream.
```

Author: Yes I understand, but I think it is better if we don't rely on the class name and use a consistent naming throughout the document.

Reviewer: Okay, makes sense

      locale encoding using :func:`locale.setlocale`, use the current locale
      encoding instead of the user preferred encoding.

>    :class:`TextIOWrapper` provides these data attributes and method in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :class:`TextIOWrapper` provides these attributes and methods in
```

Author: Alright for the missing "s". But I think we should keep the word "data" before "attributes". Attributes can be either data attributes or function attributes with corresponding methods: https://docs.python.org/3.7/tutorial/classes.html#instance-objects

.. class:: StringIO(initial_value='', newline='\\n')

   A text stream using an in-memory text buffer.  It inherits
   :class:`TextIOBase`.

   The text buffer is discarded when the :meth:`~IOBase.close` method is
   called.

   The initial value of the buffer can be set by providing *initial_value*.
   If newline translation is enabled, newlines will be encoded as if by
   :meth:`~TextIOBase.write`.  The stream is positioned at the start of
   the buffer.

   The *newline* argument works like that of :class:`TextIOWrapper`,
   except that when writing output to the stream, if *newline* is ``None``,
   newlines are written as ``\n`` on all platforms.

   :class:`StringIO` provides this method in addition to those from

>    :class:`TextIOBase` and :class:`IOBase`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :class:`TextIOBase` and its parent, :class:`IOBase`:
```

Author: Well, we did not precise "its parent" in the other "provides this [...] in addition to those from [...] and :class:`IOBase`" sentences.

.. class:: StringIO(initial_value='', newline='\\n')

   A text stream using an in-memory text buffer.  It inherits
   :class:`TextIOBase`.
   
   The text buffer is discarded when the :meth:`~IOBase.close` method is
   called.

   The initial value of the buffer can be set by providing *initial_value*.
   If newline translation is enabled, newlines will be encoded as if by
   :meth:`~TextIOBase.write`.  The stream is positioned at the start of
   the buffer.

   The *newline* argument works like that of :class:`TextIOWrapper`,
   except that if *newline* is set to ``None``, newlines are written as
   ``\n`` on all platforms, but universal newline decoding is still
   performed when reading.  The default is to consider only ``\n``

>    characters as ends of lines and to do no newline translation.

Reviewer: Does newline translation happen during reading? If so, it might be good to group together both things that happen during reading in one sentence and then the writing behavior in another sentence.

Author: Yes universal newline translation happens during reading if the `newline` parameter is `None`. Since `TextIOWrapper` and `StringIO` treat the newline parameter the same way with an exception, let's simplify this paragraph even more. Updated, thanks.
